>> Richard Feldman: Let's
take a look at the exercise.
>> Richard Feldman: Whoa.
What's going on there?
>> Richard Feldman: All right.
So in here, we have TODOs in two files.
One is timestamp.elm.
>> Richard Feldman: And it says,
use the following function to
decode this time.pauseX value.
And so it's a 1.2 time which takes
a string and a result time.pauseX.
I'm sorry turns the results.
And if you are awake while
we're watching these slides.
This may be a familiar problem to solve,
because we just saw how to solve it,
using a good friend, decode.andthen.
So that's the first one,
is sort of recreating that here.
The other one in the readme
is sourceauthor.elm.
And inside here, we have a TODO, Use this
profile and username to decode an author.
Hint, decoder help will help here, but
slightly altering its type
may make things easier.